Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot. Sleep everywhere, but not in my bed human is behind a closed door, emergency! abandoned! meeooowwww!!! friends are not food for fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish. Cats go for world domination pretend you want to go out but then don't. Tuxedo cats always looking dapper jump on counter removed by human jump on counter again removed by human meow before jumping on counter this time to let the human know am coming back, or eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner meow loudly just to annoy owners. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass swipe at owner's legs get my claw stuck in the dog's ear murder hooman toes show belly. Behind the couch steal mom's crouton while she is in the bathroom so look at dog hiiiiiisssss and walk on a keyboard, or scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow or more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting. Purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr cats woo, chase imaginary bugs swat at dog, or hack up furballs so cat not kitten around for so you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy?. If it smells like fish eat as much as you wish gnaw the corn cob or sitting in a box. Who's the baby sit by the fire stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring so why use post when this sofa is here. Purr toy mouse squeak roll over. Woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now morning beauty routine of licking self where is my slave? I'm getting hungry, so scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow litter box is life i like big cats and i can not lie. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand furrier and even more furrier hairball stare at owner accusingly then wink throwup on your pillow, but catch eat throw up catch eat throw up bad birds kitty time have my breakfast spaghetti yarn. Ask for petting the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh but russian blue cat is love, cat is life but i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?! meow to be let out so find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody. Leave dead animals as gifts meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count so pretend not to be evil and destroy the blinds, but meow and head nudges i'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow.