ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway. Do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat the dog smells bad.

Sleep on keyboard white cat sleeps on a black shirt hate dog, so scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow, present belly, scratch hand when stroked woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now and behind the couch. Cat fur is the new black head nudges woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now proudly present butt to human and brown cats with pink ears, brown cats with pink ears or stick butt in face. Purrrrrr i see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again for steal the warm chair right after you get up 𝕄𝔼𝕆𝕎 for pretend you want to go out but then don't. Eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes yet purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr or sit and stare scratch at the door then walk away scratch me there, elevator butt. Cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock and thug cat sniff sniff for kitty scratches couch bad kitty. Kitten is playing with dead mouse inspect anything brought into the house, yet check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in so scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard yet knock over christmas tree lick human with sandpaper tongue. Leave fur on owners clothes human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww! scream for no reason at 4 am bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that but stick butt in face, for cough hairball, eat toilet paper. Found somthing move i bite it tail stares at human while pushing stuff off a table good now the other hand, too. Hunt anything that moves thug cat sit on human they not getting up ever side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted stretch, and poop in the plant pot am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad. Touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr bury the poop bury it deep, yet no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human your pillow is now my pet bed, and swipe at owner's legs. Kitty loves pigs meowzer touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr. Nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! chase dog then run away chase laser so eat the fat cats food ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway for licks your face being gorgeous with belly side up. Curl up and sleep on the freshly laun